General Changes-

#1. Remove "approx@roorkites.com" from the bottom.
#2. Use alignment. If "Overview" is consideres as extreme left margin then shift "home, associate with us etc." to that line and if the logo of "Approx. notebooks" is extreme right then the content of "overview" must be inside that line.
#. In the bottom left of the page write "(Copyright ka symbol) Roorkites Eucational Publishers Pvt. Ltd." and write "Roorkites Eucational Publishers Pvt. Ltd." above the logo of Approx. Notebooks as in our brochure.
4. Between "associate with us" and "contact us" make two more options named "Media" and "Clients" and in media make an icon of "Amar Ujala" under which the newspaper cutting pic is there. Under "clients" paste 3 icons of "levis" "thomas cook" and "fabco".
#. Remove "Twitter" icon and add a"gmai" icon instead which directly mails @ approx@roorkites.com.
#. Make the icon "approx. notebooks" clickable which directs  to the homepage.
#. Remove the metatag "Roorkites Education Publishers Pvt Limited. Approx Notebooks (earlier Adister). Free cheap advertising on Student Notebooks." and replace it with"Roorkites Educational Publishers Pvt Ltd. Approx. Notebooks(earlier Adister) are notebooks/registers at 40% of the market price"  

Home Page-

#. Use the old image (the one in brochure) as the main image instead of "our clients include".
#. Remove the headline "Overview", as its obvious that it is the overview and use
"Approx. notebooks are quality notebooks/registers at 40% of the market price. That is now you can buy a register worth ` 20 for just ` 8 .

The funda is simple- “Advertisers will pay for the register you buy”."
instead of the overview wriitten.
#. Shift the "fb like box" to extreme left of the webpage.

Associate with us-

#.In the first salient feature "significantly more visibility than....", By mistake its written "then" instead of "than" and "medium" instead of "mediums", In the "social impact waali line" replace "requiresite" with "requisite" .Correct them.
#. Shift the para"for details of association..." a bit downwards, say by a single line. in the same change my email address to shubham@roorkites.com , instead of approx@roorkites.com.
